we are asked fifth-year into it knowing
insight Kim over 67 we had a one of the
radios go down yesterday you know it's
it's Tiger country
it's got killer be killed when we're out
there in the bushes apt is killed
Nathan's napalm blood that would be
Darren's burn the culture
self-expression they say you can never
go back for a couple hours I went down
these things are something that we made
to because I've been in some people like
shoot heroin you know I go to war I'm
still stronger when I am there South
Vietnam problem a lot of it is the way
for me to live out that childhood love
of playing war but not necessarily
having to join the military it's not
like Boy Scouts it's real you actually
have to work to get it done if your dad
then shut up and be quiet and don't say
anything my personality is still saying
but you know it's sad you don't fall in
love the deep emotion baby can't find
those you know when I came back I never
connected back with my wife it was more
of a shock going back to home that I was
going to wreck my memory go back go back
go back
Rhys let these guys know you know
tonight's for show-and-tell you're
talking about Iraq stuff tomorrow
we're in Vietnam